bouncy and dear friends with you
pixel and how do you think that you are now
see yes you see my hair
beautiful and beautiful skin that
same today i will do more precisely now i
I will review the new game on my own
the server I just rebooted it and
he didn't work all day for some reason
I know some bugs soon and I will remove all
it's a hundred percent in general i just
that bought and then there is no one, I think
account people fit why are you not a
Now we will do the review as you
just noticed on spawn no longer two
their house 4 but one for a little bit
broken down a little all by Own
a little bit all unfinished is ours
pvp kit and this is our rbg this is our b
palace now you can see beta
in this beta version of my server would
the twentieth while I have a lot of flaws a lot
all sorts of bugs plum not completed but it
only beta don't forget about it you
you can just run around to be killed
to develop this business here
look I hope to rate which one
card at all like whether the thread
play there kill lpg
This is our r. Ie three archive
this is our real so create drop
real height means it in translation
and that's not exactly what you think it is.
a little different game I hope it myself
did and maybe they did it yes not
important
let me make a game mod mole like this
so to
because this game cannot be played
first gay fashion and it will not be interesting
in general, so here we will soon have a shop
then we will not have anything here we
here is a premium shop here is an ordinary shop
people and here you have the choice of the level while we
in general it will be only 42
but so far we only have the first one available
give it a little play
we appear here right here we
There is a choice of level etc. in both the main and
actually start the game what is
the essence of the game is that you need to be
fall and not crash like this
jump sound full
so good, that is, we jump, jump
Here it was a show and we are the main essence
don't break here these we break the pelvis
on you and start here in the store with us
all kinds of potions will be sold
there is how to say business we will be there
sold to guide us that acceded
given the type of different effect is valid
can there damage resistance were on
as stupidity, you will speak carefully
and everything became neat well good all
master poisons master of everything when a little bit
did not fall forika
so on the second level we have there more everything
hard so let's say it really
generally from the floor and
a long time ago the second level is about everything
left guys now let's go pass
Pass Pass here there's also a good
so when you go down we have here
I have my own new gear fit
joined and went out immediately joking not
come running out here we have a choice
that is, for some reason , to take water printing
corrected can take prize 5 and leave son
up and or take the second answer
supplement and drink the present that is
either we take 5 mushrooms or go
On the trail of a person, that is, if we take 5
mushroom we leave here and all
and you have to go through it again
we take additions go to the man then
we take the supplement going on
the next level I like there obviously what
same drove
on turned out to be a watermelon kim and teleported
to his next so here we all have
harder that is u look much
more height much more distance
between the blocks but we have a watermelon and what
this watermelon does i think many people know
she who does not know will see now and yes
guys it gives us a regeneration
awesome and while she goes with us
better jump faster and if we don't
we will kill jump here in general
better not bounce high otherwise you
you'll break the formula a lot
there is the point is that you need to fall
and don't jump before i 'll just fall down
so here so here so so so so so
so here i am i hope i will pass from 1 time
and he sits we have to replay but
I 'll be there
died ok let's go a little
again and then we'll continue and here
I and passed to the second level let's
take my watermelon so she jumps and I jump
I think I drove here for some reason all
life full nidal not even know why
okay, we drove on oh I mean
watermelon there it is still possible then it will be
devour the Che is there in fact in
Generally bugs there are bugs I do not argue they
here everywhere i mean i gradually them
correcting everything for now
I can't find people here
beta test from tell me where here
look not mister pixel there from
project pixel there fix paw paw i
I think it is necessary to eat watermelon already
Now we are quickly so crooked
so I hope we will pass go walk 2
time why not and on this we and
let's finish a series the link on the server I will give in
description that is on his group in
contact
berlin let's still have a little bit all the same
I met once just go straight promises
all drove general to pass master
my watermelon and let's have it fast
I will go for the third time for sure
go straight here on another way and that
something, something, something, something, I didn't even think about myself
that it will take a long time
she's up and now we only have two
level and here is the abbreviated which this
grant in church i hope i'm the first who her
came up with who did not invent so create and
if not then yes and okay I just somehow
what is wrong with us is going on in the world
minecraft don't know everything
only on your server is generally more
day play decks
almost fell again sheet sometimes playing on
abcd sometimes on a computer of scientists
kristalikse'll play here well, that is not
I know on the crystallix such a garbage like
No, he, so here we have this
plays know where to fall and there
need that is to fall again and not
hurt all sorts of places and here we have
In another way, on the contrary, I will fall exactly
on such things as I have already said here
we have 2 2 3 on the first level in
developing and with us let's take the prize
15 mushrooms and go with his hi then they gave us
15 mushrooms we can check this by writing
on tuning from views so
wrong and not so wrote wrote
rank rank so gus impact that's 404,440 though
you don't know how much we had
place with us to take pictures
here arte some other person came
come on okay this was all with you
pixel put likes subscribe to
my channel
ah pi p server in the description all good luck
see you all soon